This folder contains a zip file for each instance that was analyzed in the exploratory study performed 
to characterize the solution space for the JavaScript source code size reduction problem. Each zip file
contains the following directories:

* GA: contains the original program (original.js) and one file generated by each optimization round
  using the genetic algorithm (x.js, x varying from 0 to 59). These files were produced by the 
  optimizer;

* RD: contains the original program (original.js) and one file generated by each optimization round
  using the stochastic hill climbing algorithm (x.js, x varying from 0 to 59). The directory was 
  named after random search, as we believed we were running a random search at first. These files 
  were produced by the optimizer;

* GA-minified: contains minified versions for the files in the GA directory. These files are created
  using "uglify-es". The "scripts/create-minified-files" directory contains an Excel worksheet that
  helps creating the batch commands to execute uglify-es;
  
* RD-minified: same as above, for the files in the RD directory;

* esprima-diff: contains AST diffs generated by comparing the JSON representation of the AST of a
  program variant generated using SHC and the AST of its original program. These files are created
  by the "create-esprima-diff/create-esprima-diff.js" script using the source code deposited in
  the RD directory of the instance under analysis;

* text-diff: contains textual diffs generated using a diff program, such as ExamDiff for Windows.
  These diffs are based on the the source code deposited in the RD directory of the instance under
  analysis, comparing each program variant generated by the SHC algorithm with its original code;

* topmost: constains JSON files listing the topmost node types in the esprima-diff file refering
  to a given round of optimization under SHC. These files are generated using the "create-topmost/
  create-topmost.js" script based on the files stored in the "esprima-diff" directory;

  
Besides the directories storing instance information and the scripts used to generate their data,
the scripts directory have some scripts used to generate information reported in the paper:

* Table 2 was generated using the script in "calc-minified-improvements", that uses the source
  code in the "RD-minified" and "GA-minified" directories of each instance to compute statistics
  about the improvements obtained by optimization rounds using SHC;

* Table 3 - LIST-PATCHES ... [PENDENTE]

* Table 4 - ...

* Figure 1 - ADAPTAR O CODIGO PARA LER A LISTA DE PATCHES ...

* Table 5 - FREQUENCY ...
